we have a new thing here on the show
called the wall of America where people
will video chat in with us on this wall
that Cisco built for us and let's go to
the wall of America right now tomorrow
we have questions for you first question
is from Philadelphia and Jeff in
Philadelphia Jeff what is your question
for Will Smith oh there's Jeff Dean is
know that you want to get back into
music
are there any former collaborators that
you're looking to relationship book
oh it's a very good question yeah yeah
no I was uh I was gonna call you man ya
know cuz member when I told you
backstage I said we should see something
about that yeah yeah member said yeah
yeah
should bring the jazz back right now yes
right it's time to get jazzy again this
is awkward
I'm just gonna call you man no listen I
was like I say after the show I was
gonna call Jeff well now you don't have
to it's a great thing oh thank you
Jeffrey very cool all right there you go
Alexi one
be a part of it the movie is going focus
it opens everywhere on Friday Will Smith
everybody
I am Jimmy Kimmel wanna see more will
subscribe to our YouTube channel by
clicking here it's just like subscribing
to a magazine but without those annoying
cards that fall out of them